Updated YAML for GOrch (#783)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/guardrails-orchestrator-configuring-regex-guardrails-gateway.adoc

metadata:
  name: gorch-sample
spec:
  orchestratorConfig: "fms-orchestr8-config-nlp"   
  enableBuiltInDetectors: True  <1>
  enableGuardrailsGateway: True  <2>
  guardrailsGatewayConfig: "fms-orchestr8-config-gateway" <3>
  replicas: 1
----

> <1> The `enableBuiltInDetectors`, if set to `True`, injects regex detectors as a sidecar container into the orchestrator pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> If the `enableBuiltInDetectors` option is set to `True`, injects regular-expression detectors as a sidecar container into the orchestrator pod.
```

Note:

1. The _IBM Style_ topic **Programming elements** has the following advice 
"Generally, specify the keyword type after the keyword."
I inserted "option" - check with your SME whether that's the correct noun. 

2. Global comment: See the **regex** entry in the Red Hat Supplementary Style Guide:
'Regex is an abbreviation for "regular expression". Do not use "regex" as a replacement for "regular expression".'

   If referring to a "regex" occurrence in code or in the UI, you can retain the "regex" but apply the correct highlighting.

3. Check with your SME also whether the value should be set to `True` or `true`, or perhaps it doesn't matter if it's not case sensitive.

Author: In this sentence, the term 'regex detectors' refers to a tool, the name of which is regex detector. But I will update it to 'built-in,'  which is what the SME has advised. 

I'm not sure the updated sentence structure you've suggested makes sense (i.e. your suggestion  " _<1> If the `enableBuiltInDetectors` option is set to `True`, injects regular-expression detectors as a sidecar container into the orchestrator pod._ ") The second half of the sentence hangs.  
I think it might be better again to say " The `enableBuiltInDetectors` field, if set to `True`, injects regular-expression detectors as a sidecar container into the orchestrator pod".  I will also update the second explanatory sentence.

> <1> The `enabledBuiltInDetectors`, if set to `True`, injects regex detectors as a sidecar container into the orchestrator pod.

Reviewer 2: Typo: `enabledBuiltInDetectors` should be `enableBuiltInDetectors`

> <2> The `enableGuardrailsGateway`, if set to `True`, injects the guardrails gateway as a sidecar container into the orchestrator pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> If the `enableGuardrailsGateway` option is set to `True`, injects the guardrails gateway as a sidecar container into the orchestrator pod.
```

Global comment: Should we use _Guardrails_ (initcap) when referring to product components, and _guardrails_ when referring to the general concept?

Author: I think the detector which is called 'guardrails gateway' should remain uncapitalised. 

Some background: 'guardrails gateway' is the name of a detector; I enquired previously as to whether or not it should be capitalised and the SMEs said no (see also 'regex detector' isn't capitalised). The term 'guardrails' is sometimes used as a verb ('guardrails against; guardrailing...'. The other instance is 'Guardrails Orchestrator' which is the name of the component.

Reviewer: 1. If "guardrails gateway" is a detector, should the word "detector" be included? 
2. Should you highlight the name of the detector in some way? Have a look at the _IBM Style_ **Highlighting** topic to see if detectors are similar to any of the elements listed there?

Author: Sorry, I misspoke, 'guardrails gateway' references a sidecar image, not a detector. But it is not styled with capitalisation.

Re highlighting -there may be a reason why Sara chose not to differentiate some of the terms in this module with an accent (such as the SMEs may have advised against it? )  I will look into this for 2.21.

> <3> The `guardrailsGatewayConfig` field specifies a `ConfigMap` that reroutes the orchestrator and regex detector routes to specific paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> The `guardrailsGatewayConfig` field specifies the name of a `ConfigMap` object that reroutes the orchestrator and regular-expression detector routes to specific paths.
```

Again, check with your SME about the correct noun to use, in case the suggested "object" is not accurate.

Author: 'Resource' has been suggested as the most appropriate word.

Author: The SME has advised that it should remain 'regex detector'  not 'regular-expression detector' here

> . Deploy the orchestrator custom resource. This creates a service account, deployment, service, and route object in your namespace.

Reviewer: Insert a noun after "This". Perhaps "This step" or "This action" or "This command"?

See the _IBM Style_ **Pronouns** topic, "Ambiguous pronoun references" section.
